added wizard section (#163)
eu-cdse/documentation: Applications/WebEditor.qmd

Furthermore, if you have created Batch Job, you can monitor its action from the same window. 

## Data Download using Wizard

> The Wizard feature in the top navigation bar allows easy creation of processes for common usecases without having to drag and drop the available funtions as done earlier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wizard feature in the top navigation bar allows easy creation of process graphs for common, basic use cases without having to drag and drop processes as done earlier. 
```

Author: updated

> :::{callout-note}

Author: changed note to warning

> This feature is experimental and there are chances that the generated models won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is experimental and it's not guaranteed that the generated process graphs are fully functional.
```

Author: updated to suggested sentence
